1-Mobile app to book a table in a restaurant /cafe with the ability of seeing the place in 360 degrees to choose your best seat, finding out the most suitable restaurant/cafe to go by having many options and ordering the food by seeing the menus and catering it immediately on customers arrival.
2-The problem is that too much time is wasted while going to a restaurant/cafe and don't find available seat specially in holidays and feasts (Peak times), or you don't find your preferable food, or the place isn't as you imagine.
The app can prevent all these problems by booking seats before arrival by enough time, seeing menus to know what to order, viewing the place in 360 degrees to see it as if you are there
3-A mobile application software that manages services in restaurants/cafes as booking a seat of customer's choice or make an order to be available on customer's arrival
4-A mobile app that has something to do with restaurants/cafes.Handy and easy for users to book a table and make orders online to be served just on their arrival to the restaurant/cafe. Customers can view the place in 360 degrees instead of normal pictures, also they save their time.
5-A free mobile app without any charges, with the ability of choosing the customer's best seat by viewing the restaurant/cafe in 360 degrees, and making orders online to be served on arrival without any prepayments.
6-The growth of restaurants/cafes industry in Egypt or any country is very fast, so to continue with success there must be a technology to serve this huge growth, so the app impact will be awesome. I've worked on getting feedback from people and I found that no one would like to be in a waiting list until a table be available, no one want to go restaurant to have a dinner and don't find the food he/she likes. All people agreed on that the app will organize their outings/gatherings/birthdays/meetings, as a result; all people who are willing to sit in these places sure will benefit from this app, so the app will reach millions.
7-Developing the mobile app isn't enough,publishing it need money, Also I need money to cover marketing and hire people to help me collect all restaurants/cafes in the app.
8-The number of smartphone users worldwide today surpasses three billion, also driven by an expanding economy and elevated consumer sentiment, the restaurant industry is expected to register huge positive growth , so the interaction with the app will be huge. Every booking table/ordering food by the user to the restaurant/cafe I will take a commission, also there is a commission in return by promoting people's business (restaurant/cafe)
9-Three months of learning mobile application development , making diagrams for the idea, and an easy and handy design for the app.
10-Nowadays technology is literally integrated in everything in our life because it facilitates it, in Egypt we have thousands of restaurants/cafes with huge number of people going to it, so we must use an app to organize this operation, to prevent wasting time searching for an available place to sit. Also restaurants have a big problem they wast a huge amounts of food by not knowing what people want to order , the app solve this problem by making the customers order food online before their arrival.
11-In weekends when I go to a good restaurant, most of the time I can't find available table , or a table with a good view, so by this app I will be sure to go to my preferable restaurant/cafe at the time that suits me with a table of my choice in an easy way
